	Thus the heavens and the earth were completed in all their vast array
	By the seventh day God had finished the work he had been doing; so on 
the seventh day he rested from all his work. Then God blessed the seventh
day and made it holy, becuase on it he rested from all the work of creating
that he had done.

Adam and Eve
	This is accound of the heavens and the earth when they were created, when
the LORD God made the earth and heavens.

	Now no shrub had yet appeared on the earth and no plant had yet sprung up,
for the LORD God had not sent rain on the earth and there was no one to work 
on the ground, but streams came up from the earth and watered the whole surface
of the ground. Then the LORD God formed a man from dust of the ground and 
breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became living being.
	Now the LORD God had planted a garden in east, in Eden; and there he pu the 
man he had formed. The LORD God made all kinds of trees grow out fo the ground
--trees that were pleasing to the eye and good for food. In the middle of the
garden were tree of life and tree of knowledge of good and evil.
	A river watering the garden flowed from Eden; from there it separated into
four headwater. The name of the first is the Pishon; it winds through the
entire land of Havilah, where there is gold. (The gold of that land is good;
aromatic resin and onyx are also there.) The name of the second river is the
Gihon; it winds through the entire land of Cush. The name of the third river
is the Tigris; it runs along the east side of Ashur. And the fourth river is the
Euphrates.
	The LORD God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and
take care of it.
	And the LORD God commanded the man, "You are free to eat from any tree in 
the garden; but you must not eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil,
from when you eat from it you will certainly die."
	The LORD God said, "It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make a
helper suitable for him."
	Now the LORD God had formed out of ground all the wild animals and all the
birds in sky. He brought them to the man to see what he would name them; and 
whatever the man called each living creature, that was its name. So the man
give names to all the livestock, the birds in the sky and all the wild animals.
	But for Adam no suitable helper was found. So the LORD God caused the man to 
fall into a deep sleep; and while he was sleeping, he took one of the man's ribs
and then close up the place with flesh. Then the LORD God made a woman from the
rib he had taken out of the man, and he brought her to the man.
	The man said,
	"This is now bone of my bones
	and flesh of my flesh;
	she shall be called 'woman'
	for she was taken out of man."
	That is why a man leaves his father and mother and is united to his wife,
and they become on flesh.
	Adam and his wife were both naked, and they felt no shame.